for bootstrap:
create new works
finish doesn't show it again
can edit, finish, work, postpone
works ok on my phone


countdown:
play/pause
up/down arrows advances time in steps
(not working... could make myself?)

recurrence:
new task section: schedule -> daily checkbox, with time of day (using clockpicker)
doesn't make new task every day; just re-finish it!
in functions that say are you done/valid, just say,
still active if daily and no completions from today!


new task page: walks you through, so tab, return or space all advance you
user can navigate to next from edit, split, tasks overall
user can type keyboard shortcut "f" for finished task;
user can type keyboard shortcut "t" to start timer; (at end, it prompts you to choose among the shortcuts)
user can type "w" for worked on it;
user can type "e" for "edit":
skip shows screen of choices:  posptone, split, explain.
"p" to postpone it, "s" to split, "e" for explain
user can type "n"  to create new task at any time
space, tab, and enter all advance/interrupt
finishing one task can let the next be from same family, or not?
creating new task maintains the state you were in
after typing to initiate creation of a new task, can create it  by typing the name,
 hitting enter 4x
sliders animate by starting in middle, moving left, bouncing
can manually enter tags or other fields
new item defaults to "general" tag; or "whenever"?
maybe no "all" tag option?
user can delete subtasks
changing subtask tags saves/persists
message/q types:
  * you haven't done daily task X for a while. keep it here? reduce its importance? what is it about this that's difficult?
  * (on next, haven't clicked start in a while, or maybe if you start but don't click finished within 60 secs of end of time): are you still here? are you having trouble motivating to do this? or is something more important? do you need help thinking it through?
  * which of these is more important?
  * rank these in order of importance that they get done in the next day or two:
  * if you had to delete one of these because it doesn't really fit your limited life, which would it be? do you want to delete? (or like, archive... better)
  * want to start working on "home" tasks? yes? how much time will you aim to spend on it? (amount of time or finish point)
  * would you like to try a 5 minute guided audio meditation?
  * want to hear what i did when i felt stuck?
ui notes:
  * "worked on it!" is the biggest, most attractive button -- that's the goal
  * after you click "worked on it", cheers and confetti appear?
  * when you click "postpone", it asks, what are we waiting for?
    * me to stop avoiding it
    * me to be less busy
    * time to do it: hou wmuch time do you have now? would it really take 15 minutes?
    * courage/paralysis: can we talk through this?
    * i don 't know, just POSTPONE! - ok? or not ok?
    * not the right time to do it: retag?
    * something that wil chage it to the right time: tag that thing? or is it really true? what is the thing that needs to change? (insert row so there will be future messages that ask, has X happened? i know there's this dependency...)
js front end efficiency:
  * request 2 questions and 2 tasks -- first and 2nd n ordered tasks w/tag for this user; show first task, show a question, etc -- every page transitoin that has ended a task's presence in the top 2+2, creates sidekick job in bg to generate and serve next 2!2; how to push that to client? polling? that way, there are always ot least one extra question and one extra task to show as we request in the bg.
  *
manifesto:
  * we have plenty of time -- if spend our days, hours and minutes wisely/on the things that matter to us.
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *






someday:
recurrence: MTWetc checkboxes, # of the month, time of day
can make subtasks while editing a task

done:
user can see just one
user can enter new task
new task can include tags as string
user can see just one for a given tag
user can click to indicate task finished
user can snooze task; Decreases its days importance, increases its week's importance
create task form uses slider for ever importance, duration
tag form  is cool
tags list, order by use,  in drop-down menu
user can click split task:  goes to view with indented sub task form
finishing one subtask form  creates another
user can reorder subtasks
user can type "/" to split a task,
edit page copies split page but with a few more fields
split is just edit page with a bunch of fields omitted
overall task order obeys depth first task ordering
tasks overall page: has tag list
tasks overall page: tag list clickable
tasks overall page: can navigate to next, edit, split, new
jquery loads on each page transition, so js aforms are consistent
new task page: only fields that matter: days/weeks/ever
initial load of new page focuses on name field
imp animates
